FIX typos in doc, add kernel approximations doc, add doc precomputed kmedoids (#97)
scikit-learn-contrib/scikit-learn-extra: doc/modules/kernel_approximation.rst

.. _kernel_approximation:

==================================================
Kernel map approximation for faster kernel methods
==================================================
.. _kernel_approximation:

.. currentmodule:: sklearn_extra.kernel_approximation

Kernel methods, which are among the most flexible and influential tools in 
machine learning with applications at virtually all areas of the field, rely 
on high-dimensional ideas in order to construct powerfull classifiers or
regressors or clustering algorithms. The main drawback of kernel methods

> is their prohibitive complexity, both spatial and temporal complexity is at 
> least quadratic because we have to compute the whole kernel matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is their prohibitive computational complexity. Both spatial and temporal complexity
 is at least quadratic because we have to compute the whole kernel matrix.
```

> One of the popular way to handle the complexity problem of kernel methods is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the popular way to improve the computational scalability of kernel methods is
```
